[1.18.x] Probably a Loot Table Data Provider (#445)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/resources/server/loottables.md

Loot Tables
===========

Loot tables are logic files which dictate what should happen when various actions or scenarios occur. Although the vanilla system deals purely with item generation, the system can be expanded to perform any number of defined actions.

Data-Driven Tables
------------------

> Most loot tables within vanilla are data driven via JSON. This means that a mod is not necessary to create a new recipe, only a [Data pack][datapack]. A full list on how to create and put these recipes within the mod's `resources` folder can be found on the [Minecraft Wiki][wiki].

Reviewer: Copy-paste error: `recipe` -> `loot table`.

```suggestion
Most loot tables within vanilla are data driven via JSON. This means that a mod is not necessary to create a new loot table, only a [Data pack][datapack]. A full list on how to create and put these loot tables within the mod's `resources` folder can be found on the [Minecraft Wiki][wiki].
```
